so again one of the greatest things i think
i should just everyone with the reason why i
cherish you think about it with you anywhere you
go on your phones so the holy bible is an app
that i actually use um every day because then
it's the easiest thing to grapple uh whenever
i'm studying god's word so you can turn with us
today in matthew chapter 28 verses 16 through 20.
um this is going to be a very familiar passage
but god just kind of gave me a word as we were
playing a baptism celebration this text deals with
baptism but it deals with so many other things and
i want to spend some time talking about it but
um i want to start off this way is uh and i think
it's fitting for a couple of reasons one it's
raining outside too we have badges today but how
many of you all have had somebody dunk you in the
pool and what i mean by dunk is they hold you down
anybody anybody ever been held out by your friends
or your older brother which are still bitter to
this day because he used to hold me down and so
it's that moment where you're held down to a point
where you think you're never going to get another
breath of your life and you're going to drown then
you come up and then you breathe and suck in here
like you haven't breathed in about a year right
that idea behind man really when we think about
breath we think about how precious that is and
as we can even think about that if you actually
go and research what you didn't even go out and
research about anything but do you know that
we take an average of 23 000 breaths a day
23 000 breaths a day and if you start counting now
you might see if that's true but for me i thought
about maybe back to that day i probably took
a couple of less breaths because i was holding
the water but why am i even mentioning this this
is this is something that again i was thinking
why would i even mention this first of all um if
you're being baptized today i'm not gonna hold
you under water i promise number one number two is
uh it's just a reminder uh the guys literally and
it's crazy every moment we take a breath is a gift
from god we're not guaranteed another breath yet
god gives us one after the other the other after
the other so that's a constant reminder of how
much god loves you how much god cares for you how
much god desires to know you it's a so what we're
going to talk about today how much god is desires
for you to know your purpose in this life and so
um something that we talked about last week
and this is why i felt a guy just kind of
living in this way to talk this week is made
this statement the two most important days
in our lives are the moment that we
were born and the moment we realized
two most important days in your life and again
i'm going to stop right there husbands if your
wife sitting next to you probably might not like
totally bring in native marriage as one of those
two but let me let me get to this point here
the two most four days your life is the moment
you're born and the moment you realize why see i
don't know if you're anything like me i remember
asking this question especially as i got
older because as a kid you just played
but once you kind of got older you start to
ask this question what's the purpose of life
if there's no way i can guarantee that i'm going
to be alive tomorrow because we know we don't
control that then what's the purpose of life what
why was i born and so today as we can celebrate
five baptisms we're going to see where these
people who would give in their lives to christ
are really celebrating today that life that has
changed is experiencing that second thing their
purpose have a relationship with jesus and to help
others know jesus so i hope you'll ask yourself
that question like why was i maybe you already
had that answer but if you don't hope today it'll
either affirm the answer that you have or ever
help you process through what that is and so
again um matthew 28 verses 16 through 20 i'm
going to go ahead and read those first and then
just kind of walk through this text together so it
says the 11 disciples traveled to galilee and to
the mountain where jesus had directed them and
when they saw him they worshiped but some died
and then jesus came near and said to him all
authority has been given to me in heaven on earth
go therefore and make disciples of all nations
baptizing in the name of the father and of the
son and of the holy spirit teaching them
to observe everything i have commanded you
and remember i am with you always to the end
of the age let's take some time to pray lord
jesus thank you again for who you are lord how
you brought us all together to celebrate lord
life change and also celebrate who you are in our
lives so lord i just pray that you take your word
and then that truth lord that we hear today is
um changes our lives no matter if we know you or
we don't pray that it changes our lives and we
leave here um following every day of our lives
amen so let me catch you up there's there's a
reason why we're here at the back of matthew
28 and it's that moment where you may be like hey
i feel like i just turned on a game that's in the
fourth quarter and it's a tie ball game and i have
no clue how they got there so let me just give you
a brief kind of walk through the purpose of the
book of matthew the book of matthew it's called
the gospel's first gospel of the new testament
and it's a story about jesus from his birth
to the way that he lived through the way that he
died on the cross again walking a perfect life
the way he rose from the dead we're at this
moment where jesus has come back to life and
conquered death hell and grave and he's giving his
disciples those who were his followers basically
a last command he's felt like the greatest you
know the greatest great commission is listed as
the sermon normally preaching and so everything
that happened here is i don't want to miss this is
jesus coming to this earth which is god's son
coming down from heaven saying hey i could have
stayed there but i chose to come to earth to live
amongst all of us which again that was 2000 years
ago so if you're saying does he still live with us
and the answer is yes through god's people sharing
who he is and through his word but he came to this
earth to prove to us one that he loves us that
he chose to not leave us in our condition lost
without a relationship with god he came to give us
a relationship with god through his life his death
his sacrifice on the cross and his resurrection
proving that we can have again eternity with god
but also a personal issue so i'm going to kind of
move on from there but i wanted to kind of
get just a little bit of a background kind
of where we were with this but this last kind of
conversation that he had with his disciples is one
of the last conversations how many of y'all have
had a conversation with somebody who's about to
pass away usually some of their last dying words
some of the most precious words because they mean
so much because they know they have a little bit
of time left so these are words when i hear this
i just want to i want to listen in a little bit
deeper because these are important words from
jesus not just to his disciples but to every
person that would take time to read it and so
we see here right off the bat we talk about
it says the 11 disciples travel to galilee
to the mountain where jesus had directed
him when they saw him be worshipped
it's undoubtedly so who were the disciples
right these were people who followed jesus
on earth and at this point these men even after
they followed jesus on earth at this point they
had realized one thing right and one of the most
important things in life that they've been born
two they began to realize that following jesus was
important but they were getting ready to hear the
reason why they were going they were right here
the reason why they were born and the reason why
and so the way that jesus explains this is so
cool and so i want us to look at this in verse 18
where he starts to say this jesus came near to
them and said he said jesus came near them and
said so i i know this so i've actually today i was
actually supposed to go coach a flag football team
it's not going to happen it's raining and i'm
kind of glad we're not doing it well the reason
why i bring this up is i think about with my black
world team is we're still young enough that every
before every play i kneel down they circle around
me and i say listen up now make sure you're paying
attention because everybody needs to run their
role and everybody needs to be a part of this to
be successful today so basically i say come here
listen right this is what jesus is doing this is
his rally his huddle with his disciples to
say hey listen up don't miss what i'm getting
ready to tell you and this is what he says all
authority has been given to me on heaven on earth
at that moment they realized okay everything
right all authority has been given to me
and so when we think about this jesus is getting
ready to tell them why they were born and they
can't miss this number one thing that the only
way in which they can fulfill that purpose
why they're wrong the only way that you
can fulfill the purpose of why you're born
is if you understand the power and the authority
that you go with that god gives you because if you
try to go in your own power i've tried it before
you're exhausted you'll fail and to be miserable
but if you go in god's power and authority you'll
be successful why because he has all power and
authority over earth and for us right now the
only thing i really have may just be with my kids
that's not very much right so we look at this
again all authority all this complete control
has been given to jesus any and think about this
anybody remember just if you don't think of old
testament maybe you think about a current um
somebody in a position maybe like a president
is the seal of irene in the old testament
they talk about the of the king when that
still would be on there they could take those
papers anywhere they went with that authority
to accomplish the mission that the king
had given them that's exactly what jesus
just did he just basically put his seal
down and said go with my hilary and power
but i just kind of want to i want to summarize
this before we jump in because i think it's easy
for us to jump into okay we're going to say
go make disciples right go make the cycles
but really the submarine verse is before you
go because she's saying before you go fulfill
your purpose you need to know where the power
important to go accomplish those things and
the really this is saying is you need to have a
relationship with jesus so again coming back to if
the second most important day
in your life is the day that you
learn why you were born you need to know the
person who tells you and shows you and gives you
the greatest way to experience that second purpose
right of why you were born you need to know him
through a personal relationship and that's the
part we can't miss because i think at times we we
go into this life and we're like we're going we're
doing well we're we're not going with jesus we're
not going with all authority we're not going with
all power in heaven and on earth we're just going
with our own power trying to figure out this
world against seeking everything in between to
figure out what our purpose is but god is saying
no it starts with a personal relationship with me
again this power would come from him and so we
we wouldn't be able to go anywhere without it
if we're trying to accomplish again our purpose
and so today these five people getting baptized
here's what it just makes me think about this is
they're getting baptized and they've begun this
relationship with jesus they've begun the process
of experiencing the reason why they were born and
today they're outwardly expressing that through
baptism publicly right this is where it's saying
i'm not afraid to be on the team with jesus i'm
not afraid to go and to live my life sold out
that's why we do public baptisms why do we do that
because it is important for us to not just say
i'm a believer in jesus privately through a first
relationship but i don't need to tell anybody else
that no this is public this is why we do this and
so we understand just kind of walk even so we're
going to jump off into the next little verses
which i think will just be eye-opening it was
for even me as a pastor is this why were you born
number one this personal issue with jesus to be
a disciple you can't go and make disciples if you
aren't a disciple number two is what verse 19 says
is to go make disciples so after these disciples
heard jesus pulled him into a huddle and said hey
listen up this is important one of my last tickets
i'm going to tell you i'm coming near to you
after he says those things he says go go therefore
make disciples of all nations baptize them in the
name of the father son of the holy spirit many of
us okay i would say all of us unless you wanted
to stay here are going to leave this facility and
you're going to go somewhere so we all understand
this idea of go we're going to go somewhere
but it's what we do in the going that matters
it's what we do in the going that matters and he
says therefore this word therefore is always the
question why is it therefore and it's all based
upon everything that jesus had got done living his
life for and the last statement of all authority
therefore since you know all this and you have
received me giving your life to me now go and
make disciples go and make disciples where
that's the question where everywhere when you look
at the word go it's really translated as you go
so i think sometimes it's it's when we think
about going and making disciples we leave that
to the missionaries we leave that who to
people who are maybe pastor somebody who
who travels across the country or maybe somebody
from oklahoma the movies insane kind of church
you're maybe leading that up to us right to
do this and the answer is jesus is not talking
to the special people who are qualified to go to
make disciples he's speaking to followers of jesus
he's speaking to every person that has come to
faith in him and knows why he came and knows what
he gave them he's speaking to everybody so we go
everywhere to make disciples that's what he says
go to all nations and it's interesting when
we think about nations and nations it's two
things number one it's places but it's also
people groups right lots of you think well
i'm gonna go to all the nations when we think
about nations we've got to go outside of the
united states just to be able to fulfill
this no you actually go to every person
no matter a background race um economic level
you name it doesn't matter it's for everyone
and so the question is where do you go you already
are processing this right if you've given your
life to christ and he's saying go as you go go
make the cycles where do you go where did you go
so i started thinking well we all go to work and
you don't go to work maybe you stay at home and
work and so you still talk to people and maybe
if you're at home you have kids and so maybe it's
your home and so when you think about discipleship
you can disciple your kids and you can make
disciples at work well how do i do that i'm
supposed to be working lunch breaks conversations
praying for them meeting with them after right
there's ways to make disciples at work what about
the gym i mean i'm just trying to go get there and
get my pump on right that's all that matters to me
yes but take a little extra time to actually
have a conversation with the person next to
you get to know them well what about the wall
game my son's out there playing i'm screaming
at him because i'm sometimes that guy um yeah
there's parents to the left and the right of me
that i can begin to spark a conversation who's
your son who's your child how you know how did
that you guys get whatever it is right you're
doing this as you go so the greatest we think
about making disciples is church right well that's
if that's true then that means if we go to church
one and a half hours a week maybe your church
service is shorter i don't know one half hours a
week yet we have all the other hours of the week
and we're dedicating only sundays we're missing
we're missing now is the church a place to make
sense absolutely and is that only my role no it's
not it's actually our world so that means this
in the conversations you have when you get here
on the conversations you have after you get done
with worship service today you can make disciples
that's what as you go you go make disciples that's
exactly what jesus is telling his disciples so the
question is then based on this text what is this
cycle well what is the disciple he says one who
believes in jesus who expresses his or her faith
by being baptized and continues to grow in their
faith to teach others what they know so a disciple
is one who makes disciples so the question i ask
myself these are questions even as a pastor i'm
in the middle of preparing a message and i write
these questions to myself and then i say is this
true can a disciple or a follower jesus someone
who would say i have a relationship with jesus be
a true disciple if they're not making disciples
sit on that for a second if somebody who says
i'm a follower of jesus i believe in what jesus
did for me i'm saved then we call themselves
a disciple because a follower and disciple has
the same thing in jesus eyes could you truly
be a disciple if you're not making disciples
so here's the thing that i came up with not no
being not one who is following god's community so
at this moment this is the guy
because i've been in your seat
so many times i never want to preach
a message that makes you defeated
like you you can't like okay i must be the worst
christian in the world worst person in the world
and not only defeated no i'm here to encourage
you here's the reason why god doesn't want to
defeat you god wants to encourage you sometimes if
you're sitting here today okay i've given my life
to christ but i don't even know what it means
to disciple someone else i hope today that we
can find some ways to start that process that's
what jesus says he says start today don't worry
about what you didn't do yesterday and what you
didn't do this morning today he's not sitting here
judging you on your past he's saying that's
forgiven start today so if you're hearing what
you're saying like okay well if i'm not disciple
making disciples then i must not be a christian
you know what you may be you just may not know
how to do it how to go about it and again it's
as you go everywhere you go you are sharing with
others with how to know jesus how to follow jesus
by the way you live your life by the way you
speak and why the way you encourage other people
so then we see right here where he talks about
baptism he says baptize them right the name the
father son of the holy spirit what's the purpose
of that so i'll talk just a little bit about this
but i want to kind of get on this today again
because we're baptizing is we see in this text
it's fulfilling the command by jesus jesus said go
make disciples and baptize them so it's one of the
greatest commands i mean if jesus is going to say
go be baptized we should go do that we shouldn't
not just do that because we don't want to right
we should do it because that's what jesus tells us
to do so number one is just to philosophy command
number two it's a public profession of your faith
again you're not a classic christian you're
not one that says i gave my life to christ
and i'm not gonna let my life shine that's
undo it he says let your light shine so
baptism is one of the first steps to be public
about your faith number two it identifies you
with jesus's death that's why you go under water
right his death burial so you die with christ your
old self your old way of life and you rise new
right and so this is the part where sometimes it
gets a little bit confusing and this is why i love
being able to talk a little bit more about this
common questions what if i was baptized
before i gave my life to christ
just being completely honest reading god's word if
you're baptized before you come to faith in christ
what are you really celebrating and here's
not to be rude but it's just to say that
we're celebrating what christ has done for
us and so a baptism before salvation is not
celebrating that now what i do understand and i've
been enough uh around this is baby existence right
and so those are all done with the
right heart because we actually did a
parent and baby dedication a couple weeks ago and
the whole idea behind that was we're dedicating
that child to the lord we're not saving we
can't it's a personal relationship with jesus
but we're dedicated the lord saying this lord
please help us raise this child to know jesus
right and so if you were baptized as an infant
not after you give your life to christ is it's so
important to know that that baptism is just really
not on the right side of salvation it's just not
on the word where jesus commands us so should you
get back to us again biblically yes you should
and that's okay to be baptized as a child and to
be baptized again after faith in christ it's not
a bad thing that's actually a good thing
because it's following jesus here here's
the other one does baptism save you i mean he
says go baptize people so does baptism save you
and what i would would say again from studying
god's word is no it's faith in jesus he says
those who confess jesus as lord and savior your
life will be saved so that means i don't have
to be baptized well no so baptism again is
publicly professing your faith and if you
don't want to identify with jesus
are you truly willing to follow jesus
and so this is the the other part
right is well what if somebody can't
what if they get a lot to christ and die five
minutes later are they going to happen absolutely
absolutely that that's where we have to
understand is going back to the cross there was
two other guys one to his left one to his right
jesus one says jesus remembering me in paradise
basically he proclaimed his faith in jesus and
jesus said i will see you in paradise well he
didn't take him down off the cross go baptize and
put him back up on the cross and let him die to
make sure they were saved well then again this
is where we try to yes i'm just like you i love
i make this statement probably way too many
times i love that two plus two equals four
why because it works every time i like systems
i like to be able to work the process to make
sure that i get somewhere i used to be that guy if
i'm just good enough i'll get to heaven god takes
all that away and says his grace which means
that he's given us something we don't deserve
and he's not giving us what we
deserve which is death following
and so in the the idea of salvation salvation
comes from jesus alone and what he did on the
cross and our faith in him and our faith in one
another nothing else nothing else but baptism is
a sign a declaration of your faith and absent from
it you're denying your public profession of him
which really would again between you and the lord
denies maybe your profession of your faith in him
that's not for me to decide that's between you
and the lord and the conviction on your heart
in them so let's look at this last verse because
this is this is important we're not missing the
whole picture right why were we born number one
we learned it was through a personal relationship
with jesus right we have to know jesus has
all authority we have to know him personally
right then we we know his sec his second one is
said go go make disciples where we're supposed to
go as we go we're supposed to make disciples
we're supposed to be a disciple and we're
supposed to make disciples i love answering
this question how do we do it i mean guys
i i know you're a lot like me and if you're not
i'll stand here and just say i struggle with this
there's a lot of things i know i should be
doing but i just don't know what i'm doing
and i'm embarrassed to ask i'm embarrassed
to ask and it's okay to ask questions
it's so it's okay to ask questions i don't
care if you've been safe for 15 years
you haven't been making disciples and you're
saying how do i make disciples it's okay to ask
this is this is good to ask questions i remember
my teacher in in college would say there's no
stupid questions except for i asked a question
i think he called me stupid but that's another
story but truthfully there aren't when it comes to
knowing how to follow jesus better but he lays it
out here how do we make disciples how do we do it
because i don't know how great he says in verse 20
he says in teaching them to observe
everything i command you okay so but
i don't know everything that jesus has committed
us to do great he's given us this word to tell us
that's where it starts it starts
with the personal ship of him
and it starts with getting to know
him through spending time his word
in community this is why we're here today we have
a community outside of this called our inspirers
on wednesday nights spending time praying for
encouraging walking through tough life situations
that's how we learn what he's saying here as teach
them everything that to observe everything right
so that's the only way we're going to notice if we
actually follow him daily it's milk and daily one
of the greatest excuses that we tend to use is
i don't know enough to tell people about jesus
i don't know enough to make disciples and here's
just an encouragement for you maybe you can just
take a deep side relief if you know what say how
jesus saved you how to come to faith in jesus you
know enough to disciple somebody else you know
what you do you just tell them that and if they
ask you a question you don't know just go i don't
know but i'm gonna write it down i'm gonna go
pray i'm gonna look at the word i'm gonna contact
my small group leader i'm gonna i'm gonna contact
my pastor pastor can you help me i don't answer
this question i just told him about jesus and i'll
say you're making disciples the word says you're
making disciples if you tell them what you do know
and you grow in your knowledge to tell them
more right all the things he says observe not
just tell them he says he says teach them
to observe or to walk in so discipleship
is really just teaching them to walk in it and
to model it and help them walk in that process
so it's so important for us not to neglect
the word of god it's so important for us
to not neglect the gathering of believers to
ask the tough questions or ask the questions
this is a safe place to be like i don't know and
we can all say hey we're struggling too we're
trying to figure it out let's work together and
figure this out but he says teach them right so
how do we make disciples we teach them and here's
the great part number one and he i thought like
he look into this right it starts off it says
authority in heaven and earth is mine right
all authority has been given to jesus so that
gives me the confidence to go make disciples
feeling a little bit clueless because i know
that he has the power and authority to help me
fulfill that but then he ends this with an
important statement he says again teaching
them to observe everything i'm commanding you
and remember remember such an important word
i am with you always till the end of the age jesus
is with you every step of the way he's with you
every step of the way see when we talk
about as we give our lives to christ it says
the bible talks about that jesus lives
inside of us right and it's that moment that
we understand when we're struggling we ask god
to help us give us the words to say help us know
what your word says to be able to make disciples
so we are not alone we are not alone in this so
just finishing up to today is getting this this
thought that challenged me last week the two most
important days in our life is the day that we're
born and the day we realized why we're moving
i'm telling you guys i wrestled with that so much
in my adult life and the reason why i grew up in
a home that was four we just moved forward and i
didn't realize probably before until it came out
of order right and i remember as a kid and all
of my siblings and we just said we're never
going to be poor we're going to work we're
going to go to college we're going to make
all the money in the world we're going to have
things guys i i'm telling you i told people i'm
never going to fix my my dishwasher i'm not
going to know my lawn i want all that paper
i don't want to do anything i know it sounds
lazy that's just me those were my goals in
life because i thought that was going to fulfill
me and i just found the more that i pursued it
the less i had the less i had the ability to
accomplish those things and i realized that
those things were fleeting i realized those things
were fleeting so that wasn't my purpose until god
got a hold of me and took about a year i spent a
year in church listening to god's word and going
i am nothing like this but there's something that
is drawing me in but i like doing things i like
being able to accomplish it on my own i couldn't
do it i couldn't fulfill my life through what i
could do so finally i just turned my life to jesus
and i said please help me and it's been about 11
years that god has brought me to this point and
another state i never thought i'd see myself in
to be able to share the holy love of jesus that
i've experienced life change man god has changed
me so much through a personal relationship with
him every day i ask him how can i make disciples
how can i know you can be a disciple and how can
i make disciples i want to fulfill my purpose
what's your purpose what's your purpose your
purpose is to be a disciple follow jesus to know
jesus as a personal savior savior you need to also
as you know jesus share that with other people and
help make disciples other people who know jesus
and follow jesus so why is this so important
because someone else's eternity depends upon
it so again i'll kind of lay it out this way is
if we are in this room and something you
know jesus and you're not making disciples
there's someone waiting on you there's someone
waiting on the other side of your obedience
to come to faith in jesus and you're like
what but god's sovereignty you're right
he saved you and if you're not in heaven
right now you're still here to be used
i remember talking to my grandma um
i lost my grandpa a couple years ago
i think it was it was tough
for us and tough for her and
i remember her saying um what's what's my
purpose what's my man are we talking about
what's my purpose what what am i going to do now
and she doesn't have to take care of everyone
i said if you're still breathing and you're
still here today you still have a purpose
and i'm beginning to share and you know what
i've pointed out to you i wonder through the
word of god and she started studying the word of
god and you know she supports us financially here
to be able to help plant this church and she prays
for us and you know every time i talk to your mom
maybe you're fulfilling your purpose and she she
stays at home most times again she's been very
leery of her artists and all these things what's
my purpose she's just done she's helping us make
disciples see that that's what we we understand is
all of us desire to be used by god we wonder why
are we still here what god what does god want to
do with us he wants to change the world from you
through you wow like you yeah even you if you're
wondering that right you and me and everyone
and i remember hearing this statement um when
we talk about living for ourselves we're living
forward for god c.s lewis said this aim
at heaven and you'll get earth thrown in
aim at earth and you'll give me too many times
we're living for this world when this world was
not our home we were designed to live in
heaven and a perfect relationship with god
for eternity so today as we celebrate the five
people who have given their lives to christ
and through baptism and celebrating that
again they're taking their first steps towards
discovering that purpose and i'm so proud of them
i'm so excited for them but what about you have
you experienced that second understanding of why
you're born can you experience that and if you
have it today i just want to extend the offer
it's nothing that i can do it's only what jesus
can do is that jesus the son of god loves you
god loves you so much that he sent his son jesus
the perfect life that we can't walk he walked
it for a reason to do a couple of things one to
show us how to live and have a relationship with
god and if you study god's word enough you'll see
that jesus even spent tons of time away from his
disciples and a relationship with god but two he
walked the life we couldn't walk so that we could
experience a relationship with god we couldn't
have had apartheid so you're wondering today well
how do i get my life to jesus how do i begin to
even explore maybe a next step you're not ready
to give your life to jesus it's just questions
you know one is just to ask those questions for
me i'm going to be here after service i'd love to
talk to you again i'm not here to um i don't force
things i don't want to be enforcer right that's
god god's going to be the one that shares that
with you but i want to be able to talk with you
and answer any questions you have but if you want
to give your life to jesus it's through faith
through faith alone and what he did on the cross
and then you begin that relationship and so i'm
going to be standing back here we're going to
invitation here just a second let me tell you what
invitations sport so many times church said these
invitations and people like they're singing what's
the purpose it's for you to just ask god this
question i don't care where you're at relationship
god what's my next step am i making disciples and
if i am please help me know that and affirm that
if i'm not making disciples how do i begin making
cycles maybe it's for you it's that next step
towards jesus and you need to give your life to
jesus so i'm going to stay in the back today as as
we get an opportunity to worship i just want you
to pray and ask out that question and come talk to
me if you're wondering if you just have questions
come talk to me if you want to give your life
to jesus and i'll share with you the same hope
that i experienced 11 years ago changed my life
and continued changing my life every day so let's
pray lord jesus we're so thankful lord for you
we're so thankful for your truth and your
word and how you remind us how important it is
to discover why we were born lord before
it's too late there's so many people that
are dying every day pursuing and seeking
and never finding but today they've heard
the truth lord that you love them so much
and that you desire for them to know you
lord as they come to know you and to follow you
lord that they desire to help others know you
lord thank you so much for your
love for thank you so much for
the word that gives us truth to be able to
follow you or thank you just for this opportunity
um to gather together even on a rainy
mother's day sunday to celebrate baptism
to celebrate life change to celebrate
you lord so lord i just pray that you
work on each one of our hearts towards
to ask ourselves what our next step is